## Data Download ##
gcs_file_download.ipynb has to be run first to download all data from Dimitrijs' public GCS - testset which includes images and labels, unlabeled test sets seperated into 5 sets. skip this step if you do not plan to replicate the testing and evaluation on your local machine. to just see results view the other four jupyter notebooks.

## Test Evaluation ##
initial_model_evaluation.ipynb tests the base model with varying values for IoU and conf and saves all the results (IoU, conf, p, r, mAP50, mAP50-95) for each class in seperate csv files which can be used later for further evaluation.

augmented_model_evaluation.ipynb tests the augmented model with varying values for IoU and conf and saves all the results (IoU, conf, p, r, mAP50, mAP50-95) for each class in seperate csv files which can be used later for further evaluation.

The initial testing in both files conduct an initial test on the respective models using default conf and IoU values and saves predictions.json and the associated plots. This can be used to obtain a general evaluation of the model.

- augmented model evaluated on labeled test set (augmented_model_evaluation.ipynb)
- base model evaluated on labeled test set (initial_model_evaluation.ipynb)
- results visualized (test_results_evaluation.ipynb)

_notebooks/Evaluation/Test Metrics_ contain csv files that has precision, recall, map50, map50-95, conf, iou for each class and overall for both models

## Unlabeled Evaluation ##

- augmented model evaluated on unlabeled dataset (unlabeled_evaluation.ipynb)
- base model evaluated on unlabeled dataset (unlabeled_evaluation.ipynb)
- results visualised (unlabeled_visualization.ipynb)

the .txt files that contain test set based metrics and overall metrics of unlabeled datasets are in _notebooks/Evaluation/Unlabeled_Prediction_Results_

# Visualizations
there are visualizations automatically generated by YOLO's .val() function which are saved within _notebooks/Evaluation/Test Results_

Additionally, test_results_evaluation.ipynb, and unlabeled_visualization.ipynb visualize the results obtained from the csv files for the test dataset and .txt files for the unlabeled datset as heatmaps, line graphs, bar plots etc.







